[Applause]
[Music]
carl doretti gives father vincent today
to find the holy relic but father
vincent still questions whether the halo
is actually meant for eva he decides to
give her a chance
you're not going to give the hello to
lilith
i want to consider all options mary
tracked down the bullets of the
mercenaries which led her to the creator
and subsequently to their supplier and
it is eventually revealed that the
mercenaries are employed by architects
beatrice did some research and fines
that the terrorists can only appear in
the human realm in short bursts before
they are forced to return to hell she
says that despite that limitation the
terrorist always seems to track down the
halo bearer gonna go to the beach
not to swim but even if i was i don't
need you to keep rescuing me okay
eva is worried that she is weird and
does not fit in with jc and his buddies
you probably didn't even realize you
were doing it
dr salvius of architect shows off her
invention to stabilize the higgs field
building a quantum portal
eva along with the others came to this
party and snuck inside arctic's
unauthorized area
cardinal already knows that dr salvia's
used the divinium to make this quantum
portal he insists that the sacred relic
be returned to the church and also warns
her that she is dealing with forces that
she can't comprehend or control the
people
great demons can't
but i think this
may have been a tarasque
eva saw a boy inside the lab and tries
to get to him but the alarm goes off
[Applause]
when the securities had found her the
terrace could also found its way
she tried to save herself from the demon
fortunately father vincent and the nuns
got there in time to save her
eva freaked out after seeing the
terrorists she tries to get out of there
but the nun sedated her and took her
with them
i had a feeling she'd be a handful
you